All right guys so before we go ahead and create an FCP account and upload our Web site I want to show
you how to create an email account and also how to create an email forward or in case you want to send
your email to something like Gmail.
So you won't go to your C panel and click on email accounts and very simple very self-explanatory.
We have one domain on this account which has edge ledger dot net.
So let's say we want to create Brad at Edge ledger Dot Net as an email address and we'll put a password
in here.
You can also choose to generate a password.
OK.
And then you can choose a quota.
So if you have employees and you don't want you know their emails to take up so much room on the server
you can limit it or you can do unlimited.
You can also choose to send a welcome email with client configuration instructions.
So if you're you know if you have a company and use like Outlook or something like that or gmail you
can send them you know the account configuration stuff but we're not going to do that.
So let's click Create Account and we get success if we click this view right here it'll show us the
e-mail account.
Also if we go back out to sea panel and we click on e-mail accounts we'll see it here as well.
Now to check your e-mail you can do that right from C. panel by just check checking off or clicking
access Web mail.
And it's basically going to ask us which.
Which default application we want to use and they're all pretty much the same.
I would suggest using something like Gmail just forwarding all your e-mail there and then within the
Gmail settings you can actually make it so you can send e-mail from your account as well.
If you just look on the G.M. the Google documentation you can find out how to do that.
So I usually choose squirrel mail if I do use this.
You're probably going to get a welcome page where you need to put in your name and stuff like that.
And then just click submit and then this is the inbox here.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to go off screen onto my Gmail account and I'm going to send an
e-mail to Brad at Edge ledger dot net just to make sure that it works.
OK.
So say Brad at hedge ledger net and just say hello and it works.
All right.
So I'm going to go ahead and send
and Let's reload our page here and it might take a couple seconds chicken box should be here any minute
or any second.
There it is.
All right.
So from Brad Travis see if we go to hello you can see that the message is it works.
And I just put hello in the subject so this isn't the best looking interface.
So like I said I would probably use g mail or something.
So two out of forward are we can go back to C panel.
Let's close that up and let's go home and then forwarders and say add for Twitter.
So the address you want to forward is Brad.
And the domain we only have one domain which is Ajay ledger dot net.
So it's going to use that email address and I'm going to forward it to tech guy info at gmail dot com.
All right.
So we'll say ad for Twitter and now anything that's sent to Brad it edge ledger dot net is also going
to go to tech guy info dot com.
OK.
Now if you're not going to use something like Gmail if you're if you're gonna use your C panel e-mail
there's a there's a shorter way to get to your inbox rather than logging into C. panel clicking on e-mail
accounts searching for a well you can do is you can go to your domain so we can go to AJ ledger dot
net and then just slash web mail.
OK.
So it's going to take us to this log in right here and you can log in with your email address and password.
And there we go and you can if you want if you don't want to show the screen every time you can choose
to set squirrel mail or any of these as your default that way it just automatically goes right into
your inbox.
OK.
So that's just a much easier way to get to your inbox so you can also set up things like auto responders.
So if you're out of the office you can do that.
Filters spam filtering I'm not going to go through all this it's out of the scope of the course but
I just wanted to show you how to get your email setup.
All right.
So in the next video we're going to set up an FTE account.
We're going to want to show you how to use something called file Zilla so that we can actually upload
our Web site to edge larger Don that.